[Our Dazzling Days]
[Episode 3]
What are you looking at?
Why are you sitting in my seat?
Ms. Tong asked us to switch seats.
Why?
She wants me to be your insulator.
Be what?
Ms. Tong told me to be your insulator.
Be quiet.
Can you focus on your studies?
You're back?
Xia Lei, come out for dinner.
Didn't you promise
you wouldn't tell the teacher?
You promised.
Why did you go back on your word?
I didn't tell your teacher
about the relationship between you two.
I just reminded her
not to let anything develop between you.
Now my seat has been changed.
Hurry up. We're waiting for you.
Dinner's ready.
I'm not eating!
Come out and eat now!
I'm on a hunger strike!
Hunger strike?
Like that's something to be proud of?
Let me tell you something, Xia Lei.
If you start dating someone
and it affects your studies,
I'll jump off a building!
Then you and your father
can live by yourselves!
What's wrong, honey?
He just won't listen!
If you do that,
what will I do?
We can't punish adults
for a child's mistake.
Hunger strike!
I'm innocent!
I'll take you both with me when I jump.
Then I'd rather stay with the kid.
Get out of here.
Honey, where are you going?
Honey, how could you slam the door?
Honey!
Come out!
I'm kicking the door down, honey!
What are you doing?
Are you coming out or not?
It almost bumped into me!
Are you crazy?
Stop it!
Stop messing around!
You spoiled him!
Stop hitting me!
Lei! Lei! Come out quickly!
-Come out and save me!
-You spoiled him!
You spoiled him!
Come save your dad, Lei!
Why are they fighting?
Let me tell you.
My mom's been
getting more and more ridiculous lately.
She went to school and told Ms. Tong
that I'm dating Meng Ge.
Now the whole class thinks we're together.
Wait. When did you start dating?
What's that supposed to mean?
You're not dating?
I was actually
gonna ask you about it recently.
I noticed you and Meng Ge
are always together,
acting all cozy…
Do you like her?
I'll push you off the second floor!
Stop! I'll fall!
How dare you grab me! Just wait!
Getting rough with me, huh?
-Get away!
-Are you getting rough with me?
Harder!
Getting physical, are you?
Is Xiaoman here?
Ma'am!
Come open the door for me.
Come on.
Ma'am.
Freshly cut seaweed strips.
Look at this kid.
Coming through the window again.
Use the door.
It's convenient.
What's going on?
Using the door means I have to
take the stairs, ma'am.
Xiaoman,
your knife skills are impressive!
It's a waste
that you don't sell mixed dishes.
-Look at this knife skill.
-Right?
My knife skill has always been like this—
never declined at all.
Don't chat with them.
Let's go out and have some fun.
We're eating at home today.
Come home for dinner later.
Did you hear me?
Um, ma'am, we won't be eating at home.
No way.
Dinner is already prepared.
If you two don't eat,
you're not allowed to go out.
Right.
You can't go out without eating, Xia Lei.
-You're not hungry?
-Hurry up.
Not hungry at all?
-You two…
-Ma'am, he's not hungry.
But he still needs to eat.
You were so obedient when you were little.
And now,
you all have minds of your own.
No one leaves without eating!
Do you hear me?
Go, go, go.
Hurry up.
They're gone.
What's with these kids?
They've gone quiet.
Come on, let's eat.
Hurry!
It's raining!
Let's go play over there.
It's actually raining.
Let's go.
Alright.
Don't look so miserable.
Look at you.
You just changed seats.
But those who don't know
might think Meng Ge went back to Beijing.
Will you ever stop?
I've already told my mom
not to go to school
and tell Ms. Tong about this.
And now,
the whole class thinks I like Meng Ge.
How can I not be angry about that?
So what?
You want to like her secretly?
Wh-What are you talking about?
What do you mean "secretly"?
I know what you mean.
Your mom promised not to do this,
but she went back on her word.
And then,
she went to school
and told the teacher about it,
causing the teacher and the whole class
to think you like Meng Ge.
That's why you're upset.
Right.
But...
With your attitude toward your mom—
forget about your mom,
if you acted like this with me,
I'd think something was up too.
So I should have calmly told my mom,
"Mom, it's not what you think.
I just borrowed
Meng Ge's poetry collection
and copied some of it.
I think her poetry is good.
That's why I copied it.
It's not what you imagine.
I don't like Meng Ge,
and Meng Ge doesn't like me either."
I should have just
calmly explained it to her, right?
Exactly. See? You got worked up again.
Just talk things through calmly.
Right?
Young love like this
often starts with sharing poetry,
doesn't it?
Besides, after all these years,
don't you know your mom's personality?
What kind of person is your mom?
Anything that might
affect her son's studies
gets completely eliminated.
Right? Not even a sprout can remain.
Understand now?
I understand.
[Teaching Building]
I saw a poem at Meng Ge's place yesterday,
and I thought it was pretty good.
What took you so long?
You're here pretty early.
You're quite early, Xiaoman.
Well, I copied it down.
-Take a look. This one.
-Go ahead.
"To the Oak Tree."
This one is great!
Why didn't I think of this?
Right?
But I'm worried
the teacher
might think it's not appropriate.
Because it's all about romance.
I don't think so.
Isn't this promoting women's independence?
Men and women on equal footing.
Neither is subordinate to the other.
Right?
That's good.
Yesterday I divided it up.
Look, I'll read this part,
and this part is yours.
Mine, yours.
And then together.
How does that sound?
Not bad.
Shall we give it a try?
If I love you,
I will never be a lovesick bird,
repeating
the same dull song for your shade.
Nor will I be a spring,
offering cool comfort year after year.
If I love you,
I will never be
a trumpet vine,
clinging to your lofty branches
to show myself off.
If I love you,
I will never be...
I will never be a lovesick bird,
repeating
the same dull song for your shade.
Nor will I be a mountain,
heightening your stature
and dignity.
Not sunlight.
Not spring rain.
No, these are not enough.
I must be a kapok tree,
standing beside you.
As trees...
We stand together.
Our roots tightly intertwined underground,
and our leaves touching in the clouds.
You're here.
How did it go?
Where have you been?
I went to help my grandma close her stall.
Xia Lei said you memorized it all.
Of course I can remember
those couple of lines.
Come on. Let's go.
I told you.
He came prepared.
If I love you,
I will never be a lovesick bird,
repeating
the same dull song for your shade.
What are you doing?
You're gasping for air.
I'm fine.
We all have to wait for him.
Go ahead and eat.
It'll be wasted if you don't.
Xiaoman.
-Why isn't Wang Dongdong here yet?
-Xiaoman?
Xiaoman!
Zhang Xiaoman!
Hurry up. Ms. Dai is looking for you.
Ms. Dai is looking for you!
What for?
Come on. It's urgent.
I just saved a seat.
Hurry up!
Keep the seat for me.
-What is it?
-Let's go.
I don't know.
The show will start soon.
She's inside.
Ms. Dai.
What's wrong?
"You have your copper branches
and iron trunk."
What's the next line?
"Like a knife, a sword, or a halberd."
Wh-What's wrong?
Ms. Dai, see?
I told you he memorized it.
When we were practicing,
he was right there beside us.
What happened to your voice?
Xia Lei lost his voice.
I gave him some licorice tablets,
but they didn't work.
Zhang Xiaoman,
can you step up in this emergency?
Me?
I haven't even practiced this.
Wait, I...
It's up to you now.
It's starting soon.
Where's Xia Lei?
Don't be nervous.
Want some water?
Xia Lei...
I think I just saw him.
He should be here soon.
Isn't he usually reliable?
Here he comes.
Is there time to try again?
Yes.
Yes?
If I love you,
I will never be a trumpet vine,
clinging to your lofty branches
to show myself off.
If I love you,
I will never be a lovesick bird,
repeating
the same dull song for your shade.
Nor will I be a spring,
offering cool comfort year after year.
Nor will I be a mountain,
heightening your stature
and dignity.
Not sunlight.
Not spring rain.
No,
these are not enough.
I must be a kapok tree,
standing beside you.
As trees, we stand together.
Our roots tightly intertwined underground,
and our leaves touching in the clouds.
With every passing breeze,
we greet each other.
But no one understands our language.
You have your copper branches
and iron trunk.
Like a knife, a sword, or a halberd.
I have my crimson, full-blown flowers,
like heavy sighs,
and like brave torches.
We share the cold waves, the wind,
the thunder, and the lightning.
We share the mist,
the drifting clouds, and the rainbow.
As if forever apart,
yet bound together for life.
This is true, great love.
Faithfulness resides here.
Love, not only for your towering form,
but also for the place you stand firm
and the ground you hold beneath you.
Bravo!
Dongfang Affiliated Middle School
Arts Performance...
That's not you.
No, this isn't.
This is the host.
I haven't been on the stage yet.
They're announcing me.
I can only come on after they finish.
You'll show up soon?
Yes, soon.
I'm behind the curtain now.
By our talented student Zhang Xiaoman.
Did you hear that?
I heard that.
Zhang Xiaoman.
-Then they went back.
-If I love you,
I will never be a trumpet vine,
clinging to your lofty branches
to show myself off.
Isn't this the poem you always copy?
Why didn't you go up there and perform?
Why so many questions?
Just watch.
The show is pretty good, right?
Among all these performances,
my grandson's is the best.
Of course.
Absolutely.
It's just that...
I can't see clearly.
The people on TV are too small.
Well...
It's okay.
This was my first time on stage.
I'll be on stage more often later.
Next time you'll go sit in the first row.
Really?
That's great.
You'll watch from the first row.
Good.
Cool!
Awesome!
Keep it down. I'm sleeping.
Aaron Kwok's hairstyle is so cool.
What?
That's the difference between us.
Lei.
Who's more handsome, me or Xiaoman?
Xiaoman, of course.
See? By conventional standards,
you're handsome.
But this creates a problem.
If you don't change,
you can only be handsome,
but never cool for your entire life.
What does being handsome mean?
It means
you meet others' expectations of you.
But being cool
means breaking
others' expectations of you.
Isn't that just being ugly?
How is that ugly?
Being ugly is when people see you once
and don't want to see you again.
Lei, since I got here,
you've looked at me 3 times.
That's called being cool.
So... why can't we be cool?
Because you look
exactly the way people expect you to.
All guys have buzz cuts, right?
After you get your haircut,
you look better than others.
That's enough.
Our plant's next anniversary celebration
is about to start.
All eyes will be on it.
We need to become cool.
You've got this?
1,500.
How much?
I'm the first one in the whole school.
Even the principal doesn't have this.
1,500 for this thing?
Does anyone even call you?
The price doesn't matter.
What matters is being No. 1.
It shows "partly cloudy turning clear."
Where was I?
You were talking about being cool.
If you want to be cool,
get a haircut like Aaron Kwok.
Xiaoman!
My brother wants to know if the
motorcycle magazine has arrived.
It has. I'll bring it over.
Okay.
Xia Lei.
Watch the stall for a while.
I'm going to deliver a magazine.
Okay. I'll wait for our grandma
to come back.
50 cents.
What do you mean 50 cents?
Wait, wait. I'll go with you.
I've never been there before.
This is interesting.
What?
Isn't this converted from an old plant?
This equipment...
Do you know what this style is called?
What is it?
Post-apocalyptic style.
Post-apocalyptic style?
It's just an old rundown plant.
-Your taste needs improvement.
-Enjoy yourself.
Zhigang.
Having fun, huh?
Xiaoman.
Where's Da?
Da is inside tinkering with a bike.
I'll bring him the magazine.
Da.
-You're here?
-Are you fixing a bike again?
Here's this month's
motorcycle magazine.
I got it for you.
Just leave it there.
What are you working on this time?
Fixing the clutch.
When it's done,
I'll take you for a ride.
Sounds good. Hurry up.
It's been so long
and it still won't start.
Need any help?
Just go play pool.
Okay.
This...
You two have started?
Xiaoman.
Your friend?
My classmate.
Not bad!
You really got it done?
Cool.
Put your hand down.
Who are you pointing at?
Do you even know who he is?
What's wrong?
Why are you picking on a kid?
He's a kid, you know.
Wait...
You're new here?
Your hair.
What about my hair?
Aaron Kwok!
-That's the vibe, huh?
-Right?
You recognized it?
Aaron Kwok's haircut?
Is this right?
First guy in our plant
with Aaron Kwok's haircut, right?
Show-off.
You're pretty quick.
Didn't I tell you
not to mess with my hair?
First one in our plant.
Not bad.
Come on!
What's wrong?
Art
isn't about first or second place.
Give me the cue.
It's fine.
We still have other ways
to become the coolest guy in our plant.
How is it?
This thing...
It's so hard. Can I really learn it?
Why can't you?
Let me tell you,
I've always had a good eye
for these things.
Your fingers are so long.
It'd be a waste not to learn guitar.
I don't think I can do it.
Are you doubting yourself or my judgment?
Did you hear?
The anniversary celebration is now open
to outsiders for registration.
Let's do a guitar performance together.
We're going to wow everyone.
Us?
Performing on the anniversary celebration?
That's right.
Give me a break, you liar.
What do you mean?
There are only this many people
in the plant.
You're the only one, Xiaoman,
who can stand on stage with me.
I don't deserve that.
I performed at a anniversary celebration
once when I was a kid.
I played the trumpet.
There was a big crowd.
That was a group performance.
Nobody remembers anyone from that.
It's different this time.
This time,
the whole plant belongs to us.
Everyone's eyes
will be on us.
You'll be the star.
Are you serious?
Of course I am.
If you can really teach me,
I'll go home and tell my grandma.
-Go ahead.
-I'll bring her to watch.
Absolutely.
Bring our grandma to see
how her grandson becomes a big star.
Teach me.
How do we do this?
Look, you're a quick learner.
You'll definitely get it right away.
Watch.
Mrs. Zhang, you're back?
Xiaoman is inside.
Finished grocery shopping?
I heard it as soon as I entered the yard.
Sounds nice.
My grandma
knows how to praise me the best.
In this way,
you're just like your father.
What son doesn't take after his father?
I don't.
Here.
Grandma.
Peel it yourself.
Xiaoman.
Your father has been in the south
for many years now.
And you've grown into a big boy.
I've grown up, and I don't even
remember what he looks like.
His photo is on the table.
How could you forget?
Don't you miss your father at all?
Why should I miss him?
The two of us are doing just fine at home.
Isn't that right, Grandma?
You think it's good?
That's because everyone at the plant
looks after you.
They all treat you like their own child.
Do you hate your father?
There's nothing to hate.
Just let him stay in the south
with that demon.
Actually, when your father was young,
he was a key member
of the plant's arts group.
He played the harmonica.
He played that piece "Chasing the Moon
Among Colorful Clouds."
In just 3 days, he mastered it.
As for your mother,
she was a star performer
in the troupe.
They met
during an anniversary celebration.
Anyway, both of them
are gone now.
Actually, your father and mother
had a really good life
when they were young.
When you were born,
so many people wanted
to arrange marriages for you.
Everyone said
you'd definitely grow up
to be a handsome young man.
How come I don't remember any of this?
You silly child.
You were so little then.
Just a few months old.
All you did was drink milk, sleep,
and cry.
How could you remember anything?
Your father... I never expected
he would be like that.
I just thought of him as
a troubled child.
He never tried to improve himself
at the plant.
Drinking, gambling...
Your mother couldn't take it anymore
and left.
Then he turned into such a mess.
Grandma, don't worry.
I won't be like them.
I'll stay at home. I won't go anywhere.
I'll keep you company
and we'll have a good life together.
Okay.
I have a good grandson.
Sometimes I think
your father
couldn't have really abandoned you.
He must have thought that since
I was here to take care of you,
he could go away.
I thought
he would come back in a year or two.
But as time went on,
I figured
he must not be doing well out there
and was too ashamed to come back.
What do you think?
Grandma, you don't need
to make excuses for him.
I don't hate him.
He must be doing well,
that's why he doesn't come back.
It's a good thing if he can
have a good life out there.
My grandson is right.
My grandson has such ambition.
In my life,
I got a good grandson.
I guess
if he's really
doing well out there,
I could
die in peace.
What are you talking about, Grandma?
With your health,
living another 100 years
would be no problem.
I need to stay by your side.
I should take better care of myself.
Shut up.
Living another 100 years?
Isn't that frightening?
What do we have for lunch?
For lunch? Your favorite stewed beans
and potatoes.
Did you buy potatoes?
I'll go wash the potatoes.
I'll wash them, peel them,
and cut them up.
Okay.
Then wash
the vegetables thoroughly for me.
I'll get everything ready, and you can
stew them when you come back.
Okay.
I'll go in a bit.
Alright.
Great.
He finally came to terms with it.
I need to go cook.
Alright.
Now I can rest assured.
♪ The liberation zone ♪
♪ The mass production ♪
♪ The convoy and the people ♪
So many people here?
Are they going to sing
♪ Chalalalala ♪
Military-Civilian Mass Production
today too?
♪ Let's all go ♪
♪ We clear the forest tops ♪
♪ We reclaim the wasteland ♪
♪ There's no difference
between men and women ♪
♪ Chalalalalalalala ♪
♪ Come on ♪
I've learned it by heart
after all these years.
It's over.
According to the usual procedure,
is it supposed to be
that old man reciting poetry next?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We have it every year.
East Chemical Plant!
I'm proud of you!
Why did the performer change?
-I feel honored because of you!
-The young generation has taken over.
We are the backbone and marrow
-of the Republic.
-Do you think
our program will work?
Of course!
These are all the same old routine.
The glory!
Come on, Xu.
I've seen these performances
over 1,000 times.
What's going on?
Don't we have any fresh talent?
Yes, we do.
This year there's a guitar performance.
Right.
A guitar performance?
By young people?
Yes, by young people.
What song will they sing?
We Workers Have The Power.
That sounds interesting.
-Let them come up then.
-Okay.
The guitar performance!
Here!
I'll make it grand for you.
They also have a drum.
Plant leaders, hello.
My name is Zhuang Sen.
His name is Zhang Xiaoman.
We're from the affiliated middle school.
We also share a common identity—
children of the East Chemical Plant.
[Audition for the 30th Anniversary
Celebration of the East Chemical Plant]
We grew up listening
to our grandfathers' stories about
digging the first shovelful of black soil
to build the plant.
He talks too much.
-Quite a chatterbox.
-Our love for the East Chemical Plant
is deeply rooted in our hearts.
In the future, we will certainly
take over the baton from our fathers
and become honorable workers.
So the performance we prepared for today
is a guitar performance
of We Workers Have The Power.
Music!
♪ We workers have the power ♪
♪ Busy at work every day ♪
♪ We built towering buildings ♪
♪ We laid railways and mines ♪
♪ We changed the world ♪
♪ For what? For liberation ♪
♪ It's to free all China ♪
Bravo!
Grandma, I have good news for you.
You found money on the ground?
No. I was selected
for our anniversary celebration.
The anniversary celebration.?
Anyone can participate.
Look at those old ladies in Building 3.
They never miss it every year.
It's different.
This year is completely different.
Everyone was selected by the union.
It's very official.
Zhuang Sen and I were selected together.
Let's go watch it
on the day of the performance.
I'm not going.
Why not?
Every year the seats they give
to the elderly and disabled
are all in the corners.
I can't see anything even if I go.
Well...
It's okay, Grandma.
The program has been selected,
so I'll definitely get you a good seat.
Go watch it. I'm leaving now.
Okay.
Come in.
Director Liu.
Zhang Xiaoman?
Your program was quite good.
Quite innovative.
Thank you, Director Liu.
Do you need something from me?
Have a seat.
I'm performing
in this year's celebration, right?
I want to get a ticket for my grandma.
I thought it was something serious.
You're a performer.
Of course we'll arrange tickets
for your family and friends.
Not to mention just one ticket.
Even if you want 3 or 5 tickets,
that wouldn't be a problem at all.
Here, they're all here.
-Help yourself.
-Okay.
So many tickets left this year?
Director Liu.
My grandma is quite old.
Her eyes and ears aren't so good.
Are there any front-row tickets?
When you're old,
sitting in the back actually gives you
a better view.
Besides,
our plant's
Workers' Cultural Center
has surround sound.
Do you know what surround sound is?
No matter where you sit,
it feels like the sound
is swirling
all around you.
Every seat is the same.
If every seat is the same,
then just give me a front-row ticket.
Front-row seats are limited.
We have plant leaders and their families,
branch plant leaders and their families,
labor models,
March 8th Red Flag Bearers,
and those who made contributions
in the early days of the plant.
There aren't enough seats.
Contributions?
My grandpa was a contributor.
He was a war hero.
Your grandpa?
What was his name?
Zhang Hansheng.
My grandma told me
that my grandpa participated in
the Pingjin Campaign,
the Liaoshen Campaign,
and the Crossing of the Yangtze.
He was undoubtedly a contributor,
wasn't he?
Zhang Hansheng. I know him.
Well... your grandpa was indeed a veteran.
But...
it seems he never received any citations.
Have you ever seen
anything he left behind,
like certificates or medals?
You're back?
Let me do it.
I'll handle it.
Where's the beginning part?
It's here.
Here.
Alright.
Done?
Grandma.
My grandpa fought in so many battles.
Don't we have anything
like medals or certificates?
Medals?
I think I saw one before.
Where is it? Let me see.
I've long forgotten.
I don't know where I put it.
It's nothing special anyway.
Every soldier got one.
So was my grandpa...
a hero?
Of course your grandpa was a hero.
Even if he was just a common soldier,
he risked his life
fighting battle after battle.
Besides, your grandpa didn't join the army
to earn some medal.
Here.
Yes.
My grandpa was a hero.
Grandma.
What do you think if I
join the army like my grandpa did?
Of course that would be great.
Look at your height.
In a military uniform,
you'd look just as handsome
as your grandpa.
Really?
People always say
that genes skip a generation.
It's quite weird.
Look at your profile and head shape.
They look just like your grandfather's.
The first time I saw your grandpa,
he was wearing a military uniform too.
Among so many people,
he was the only one I saw.
Grandma, you've never told me
the love story between you and Grandpa.
Tell me about it.
You young people...
Always talking about love.
Your grandfather and I just clicked.
Director Liu.
Why is it you again?
If you're still asking
for front-row tickets,
I really can't help you.
Director Liu.
As Xiaoman's partner,
I think
you could consider
giving him a front-row ticket
to satisfy his needs.
Front-row tickets are limited.
You can't expect me
to conjure up a front-row seat.
Well, if that's the case,
we're withdrawing from this year's
anniversary celebration.
As for this anniversary celebration,
because of your mistake,
you lost the biggest highlight.
I think you need to think about that.
I didn't expect Liu to be so tough.
He actually removed our performance
from the program.
Zhuang Cent.
This time...
I'm really sorry.
Just for getting me a ticket...
It's fine.
I, Zhuang C—
Zhuang Sen,
never give up.
Right.
Didn't you say
he still has quite a few tickets
that haven't been distributed?
There are plenty left.
They're all over there.
Then I know what to do.
What do you mean?
Just watch.
Director Liu!
What are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I got carried away just now.
Please be magnanimous
and forgive us this once.
Yes, Director Liu.
We promise to perform well.
-We'll definitely do our best
-We will do our best.
for the anniversary celebration. Yes.
Your attitude is quite good.
Young people,
don't keep challenging the plant
and the leadership, okay?
-Yes.
-Yes, sir.
About this anniversary celebration,
it won't make much difference
if you're in it
or if you're not.
Yes.
Absolutely right.
Don't think too highly of yourself.
Yes.
So you agreed to let us perform?
Considering your good attitude.
But don't let this happen again.
Thank you, Director Liu.
-Sure.
-Thank you, Director Liu.
Director.
About that front-row ticket...
Will you ever stop?
There are no tickets.
Perform or don't.
Director Liu.
I heard that many tickets
weren't given out.
Who said that? Who told you?
No one. I didn't hear it from anyone.
I specifically reserved those
for the staff's
friends and family.
I understand.
If you need,
I can help you
distribute all these tickets.
Really?
Would I lie?
Absolutely!
He can do it. He can handle this.
I guarantee the anniversary celebration
will be packed
and lively.
So who do you plan
to give these tickets to?
You don't trust me, Zuang Cent—
He always calls me that.
Zhuang Sen's influence.
My classmates—
if they know Xiaoman and I will perform
on such a big stage at our plant,
they'll be jumping to come!
They'll all come.
Right.
Alright.
Second row, center.
I really don't have better tickets.
I knew you had extra tickets!
Extra my foot.
This is my wife's ticket.
That's not appropriate.
How will you explain this at home?
I can make this decision.
We need to prioritize the bigger picture.
Thank you so much.
Besides, my wife
understands the bigger picture too.
Here are the tickets.
Come get more if you need them.
But you two must guarantee that...
I guarantee it.
I, Zhuang Sen,
guarantee to complete the mission.
If I fail, I'll quit the stage forever.
I'll go to our plant gate
and read a self-criticism.
Right?
Stop talking nonsense.
Xiaoman,
do your best.
Perform well for your grandma.
Don't worry.
Go on.
Thank you, Director Liu.
The middle seat ticket?
Got it, huh?
Stop calling me Sun Cent anymore.
Zhuang Sen,
you're really good at acting humble.
Seriously.
Shut up.
Grandma!
I got the ticket. See?
I got the ticket.
What are you being cocky about this time?
Come inside.
Grandma, I got it.
Second row, middle seat.
You can see everything from there.
Exactly.
My grandson is so capable.
Well, I always make sure
everything's perfect for my grandma.
Alright, I'm going now.
Wait, don't go yet. Come here.
Let me take your measurements. Come on.
What's this? For my waist?
Yes.
It's too big.
It's too big this year,
but it'll fit perfectly in a year or two.
Fine. You keep knitting. I'm leaving.